Explore Viam (#3186)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/get-started/collect-data.md

description: "Use Viam to gather images or sensor data from your machine."
imageAlt: "The data icon"
authors: []
weight: 40
languages: []
viamresources: ["data_manager", "sensor"]
no_list: true
level: "Beginner"
date: "2024-07-31"
cost: "0"
aliases:
  - /get-started/quickstarts/collect-data/
---

This quickstart is the final part of a series.
If you haven't read through [Learn Viam](/get-started/), [driven a rover](/get-started/drive-rover/), [controlled a motor](/get-started/control-motor/), and [detected people](/get-started/detect-people/) we recommend you do so before continuing.

> In this guide you'll use machine learning to detect people in a camera stream.

Reviewer: I think this is a copy paste error?

> In this guide you'll use machine learning to detect people in a camera stream.

Author: ```suggestion
In this guide you'll capture and sync sensor or image data from a machine.
```

## Next steps

Now that you have captured data, you could use this data to train you own Machine Learning model with the Viam platform.

This concludes our guided path for getting to know the Viam platform.

> To learn more about the viam platform, dive into the How-to Guides which provide instructions for common tasks and workflows, check out tutorials for projects, or learn more in the Platform Referecen documentation:

Reviewer 2: shouuld link here also
```suggestion
To learn more about the viam platform, dive into the [How-to Guides](/use-cases/) which provide instructions for common tasks and workflows, check out [Tutorials](/tutorials/) for projects, or learn more in the [Platform Reference](/platform/) documentation:
```

> To learn more about the viam platform, dive into the [How-to Guides](/use-cases/) which provide instructions for common tasks and workflows, check out [Tutorials](/tutorials/) for projects, or learn more in the [Platform Reference](/platform/) documentation:

Reviewer: This sentence is great!
